First you would go down a few stairs.
Unfortunately, it was very inaccessible.
You go down a few stairs, come in through
the door, and there was a little vestibule
and, you know, someone behind a glass window
who would take your ticket or your money to
buy a ticket, your ID.
Then you’d be buzzed in.
The door was locked.
You could only get in once you were buzzed
in, which was no doubt security that gay men
needed to protect themselves.
As an event organizer, there’s a lot of
stuff that has to happen around the entrance.
So, what I remember is having a clipboard,
a headset where we would communicate with
other members of the team, my little pen,
and people in line.
And I would run around with my little clipboard
and my headset.
I cannot believe I did that in heels, but
I probably did.
Wow.
Ugh. Yeah, no way now.
Everybody in the line also got a little spiel,
a little anti-oppression spiel on your way in,
which I think included stuff around trans women.
I think we were really trying, I don’t know
how successfully, to deal with the depth of
trans misogyny in queer, cis women’s community,
which was very intense and just so horrible.
So, that’s kinda what I remember most is
the buzz around the–.
It’s kind of the ugly, industrial, vestibule
before you got into the sexy dance floor.
Brightly lit.
Seriously heavy steel door that only opens
by buzzer.
The, like, shitty faded carpet that was everywhere.
I remember that too because it is hard to
walk on carpet in high heels.
And then immediately on the other side of
it is, like, an illuminated bar and DJ Nik Red
on the turntables and people on the dance
floor wearing a towel and nothing else.
And the buzzer, the door opening.
You’re in or you’re out.